Agrias Oaks version 1.0 Final version v1

things done in this on this version
i fix all the bugs i can find
treaked the AI
added more moves
adjust some of the sprites palettes'
and some other things i cant think of right now

quick note, my game i have it set to one round, but the average life 
is around 3000, the main reason for this is for bonus stages, i dont like
doing things twice, that goes for matches as well.

first of all, this is my first edit by me "kainintherain", this character 
was originally done by "deretun", and i have to thank him or her for 
creating one of my favorite final fantasy characters.

second of all, this edit has sprites and moves from other characters and the
list is as followed.................


mvc style ken by "scar"
his fireball along with hit sparks, and burst explod


kikyo by "ricepigeon"
aura deflector or curse deflector


ogichi by "stormEX--team" 
charging aura


aura by "crucifix"
wing sprites for intro & two inch


ff6 terra or tina as its writen by "ali"
bolt2, bolt3, ice3, fire3

Agrias_oaks by "ouchi"
lightningblade, crushsword, spellblade

though this sprites and moves came from the list above, i have altered them
in some way, some more than others.

furthermore i have added moves of my own using existing sprites for this
agrias along with existing moves and sprites from the list above.
 
things still to come..........
fix minor bugs
adjustments on some moves, mainly damage
these things will happen when i finish putting together my mugen project,
which will probably happen mid summer 2013

special thanks to
"deretun" for agrias......
"scar" for ken......
"ricepigeon" for kikyo......
"stormex and or team" for ogichi........
"crucifix" for aura........ i love this character
"ali" for ff6tina or terra........
"ouchi" for Agrias_Oaks..........

super special thanks to
"noctis" for providing the sprites for my air blade and giving me much
need feedback on this character which drove me to finish this version.......

disclaimer............
i do not own the rights to anything on mugen, ect.,ect.
mugen is an open source whatever.....
if you dont like the fact i used something or something than you shouldn't
put you shit online for people to download.